Update to GraalVM / Mandrel 22.3.0 (#28861)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/building-native-image.adoc

[source, dockerfile]
----
## Stage 1 : build with maven builder image with native capabilities

> FROM quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-graalvmce-builder-image:22.3-java11 AS build

Reviewer: This should be:

```suggestion
FROM quay.io/quarkus/ubi-quarkus-graalvmce-builder-image:{graalvm-flavor} AS build
```
